Update filtering docs to reflect that particles should not be used with cut regions (#3152)
yt-project/yt: doc/source/analyzing/filtering.rst

   - :func:`~yt.data_objects.data_containers.YTSelectionContainer3D.exclude_below` - Exclude values below given value

.. warning::

>     Cut regions can have unexpected results with particle fields, or often not work
>     at all with some operations. If you want to filter particle fields, see the
>     next section :ref:`filtering-particles` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Cut regions are unstable when used onparticle fields, and will currently
    error if you pass a particle field through a cut region. 
    If you want to filter particle fields, see the
    next section :ref:`filtering-particles` instead.
```

Author: I've got a slightly modified version of this I'll add

Reviewer: Totally cool!
